aws-*: rephrase page descriptions to avoid CLI when unnedeed (#12328)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/aws-iam.md

# aws iam

> > Intecract with the Identity and Access Management (IAM), a web service for securely controlling access to AWS services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Interact with Identity and Access Management (IAM), a web service for securely controlling access to AWS services.
```
